storage: remove monotonicity machinery from privatelink status updates (#24157)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/system-catalog/mz_internal.md

| `connection_id`   | `text`                     | The unique identifier of the AWS PrivateLink connection. Corresponds to [`mz_catalog.mz_connections.id`](../mz_catalog#mz_connections).   |
| `status`          | `text`                     | The status of the connection: one of `pending-service-discovery`, `creating-endpoint`, `recreating-endpoint`, `updating-endpoint`, `available`, `deleted`, `deleting`, `expired`, `failed`, `pending`, `pending-acceptance`, `rejected`, or `unknown`.                        |

### `mz_aws_privatelink_connection_statuses`

> The `mz_aws_privatelink_connection_status_history` table contains a row describing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mz_aws_privatelink_connection_statuses` table contains a row describing
```

the most recent status for each AWS PrivateLink connection in the system.

> <!-- RELATION_SPEC mz_internal.mz_aws_privatelink_connection_status_history -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- RELATION_SPEC mz_internal.mz_aws_privatelink_connection_statuses -->
```

Author: ty
